README.md, before:

### Hi, I´m Enrique Catalá 👋 

I´m a Computer Engineer with +17 years of experience in [DataPlatform](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_management_platform). I´m a [Microsoft Data Platform MVP](http://mvp.microsoft.com/es-es/mvp/Enrique%20Catala-5000312), [Certified Kubernetes Administrator](https://www.youracclaim.com/badges/0b17b446-3e58-4d13-aa0b-ded041a9260a/public_url), [Certified Data Scientist](https://www.credly.com/badges/6de55996-45bf-4e15-9b4b-b13425a9064a/public_url), [Certified Azure Data Engineer](https://www.credly.com/badges/50e1ce3f-ae34-4ce3-ba2d-a173d03d4e9d/public_url) currently working as _Data Expert Engineer_ at [Schwarz Global Services Barcelona](https://it.schwarz/en/it-hubs/spain) with focus on Data Engineering. I´m passionated at [Natural Language Processing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natural_language_processing), multi-variate time series forecasting problems and High Availability [OLTP](https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/OLTP) systems, mainly in Azure Cloud and On-Premises. You will find me writing python,c#, T-SQL and yaml code in the same project most of the time! :)

- 🔭 I’m currently working at [SCRM - Lidl International Hub](https://www.scrm.es/)
- 🌱 I’m currently learning as much stuff i can.
- 💬 Ask me about Azure, Data, SqlServer, Kubernetes, dotNet, Python, keras, Databricks, DAX, PowerBI, M, Docker, Terraform
- ⚡ Fun fact: [I´m a ULM pilot :)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1gtMmFfKebI) 🛫

<a href="mailto:enrique@enriquecatala.com" >📫 You can reach me here:  </a>
<div>
    <a href="https://github.com/sponsors/enriquecatala"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub_Sponsors--_.svg?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=EA4AAA" alt="GitHub Sponsors"></a>
    <a href="https://enriquecatala.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/website?down_color=red&down_message=down&label=enriquecatala.com&up_color=46C018&url=https%3A%2F%2Fenriquecatala.com&style=flat-square" alt="Data Engineering with Enrique Catalá"></a>
    <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/enriquecatala"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn--_.svg?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin" alt="LinkedIn Enrique Catalá Bañuls"></a>
    <a href="https://twitter.com/enriquecatala"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/enriquecatala?color=blue&label=twitter&style=flat-square" alt="Twitter @enriquecatala"></a>
    <a href="https://youtube.com/enriquecatala"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/enriquecatala/enriquecatala/master/img/youtube.png" alt="Canal de Enrique Catalá" height=20></a>
</div>

<a href="https://mvp.microsoft.com/es-es/PublicProfile/5000312?fullName=Enrique%20Catala"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/enriquecatala/enriquecatala/master/img/MVP_Logo_horizontal.png" alt="Microsoft DataPlatform MVP Enrique Catalá"></a>

<!--

<script src="https://apis.google.com/js/platform.js"></script> 
<div class="g-ytsubscribe" data-channelid="UCYboHnN6tvFfHqPWZWY82AQ" data-layout="default" data-count="default"></div>

**enriquecatala/enriquecatala** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...

- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

### My latest blog posts
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
- [AzureML from Docker Image](https://enriquecatala.com/2022/01/11/azureml-from-docker-image.html)
- [Speaker Codemotion 2021](https://enriquecatala.com/2021/12/21/codemotion-speaker-deeplearning-state-of-the-art.html)
- [IOB train_test_split](https://enriquecatala.com/2021/09/15/IOB_train_test_split.html)
- [RuntimeError: Already borrowed](https://enriquecatala.com/2021/09/15/RuntimeError-already-borrowed.html)
- [How to use a specific version of az cli](https://enriquecatala.com/2021/09/09/install-specific-version-az-cli.html)
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

### My latest youtube videos
<!-- YOUTUBE-POST-LIST:START -->
- [Parchear SQL Server en Kubernetes &lpar;2/2&rpar;](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_koA4vfBQEE)
- [Parchear SQL Server en Windows &lpar;1/2&rpar;](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cRduwHDBoNg)
- [Desplegar SQL Server personalizado en Kubernetes OnPremises](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZhoRuib2JLc)
- [Se acabó instalar SQL Server: mssql-server-samplesdb](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ULL5nntWn1A)
- [Crea tu propia imagen personalizada de sql server para docker](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9M6Ewpcfw9I)
<!-- YOUTUBE-POST-LIST:END -->

Commit message:

Update README.md with current experience and role

README.md, after:

### Hi, I´m Enrique Catalá 👋 

I am a Computer Engineer with more than 19 years of experience in DataPlatform, currently serving as the **Data Architect** at SCRM International Lidl Hub / [Schwarz Global Services Barcelona](https://it.schwarz/en/it-hubs/spain). In this role, I spearhead the data strategy, optimizing and innovating our company's approach to data. My expertise includes a 10-year tenure as a Microsoft DataPlatform MVP and a year as a Microsoft AI MVP, in addition to certifications like [Kubernetes Administrator](https://www.youracclaim.com/badges/0b17b446-3e58-4d13-aa0b-ded041a9260a/public_url), [Data Scientist](https://www.credly.com/badges/6de55996-45bf-4e15-9b4b-b13425a9064a/public_url), [Azure Data Engineer](https://www.credly.com/badges/50e1ce3f-ae34-4ce3-ba2d-a173d03d4e9d/public_url), and Microsoft Certified Trainer. My passion lies in distributed computing technologies and high-availability OLTP systems for both Azure Cloud and On-Premises. Although I no longer actively work in Natural Language Processing and multi-variate time series forecasting, my past experiences in these areas enrich my current projects. I have successfully led over 150 projects across diverse regions, including Spain, Germany, the USA, United Arab Emirates, Netherlands, Mexico, Saudi Arabia, Austria...


- 🔭 I’m currently working at [SCRM - Lidl International Hub](https://www.scrm.es/)
- 🌱 I’m currently learning as much stuff i can.
- 💬 Ask me about Azure, Data, Spark, SqlServer, Kubernetes, dotNet, Python, keras, Databricks, DAX, PowerBI, M, Docker, Terraform
- ⚡ Fun fact: [I´m a ULM pilot :)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1gtMmFfKebI) 🛫

<a href="mailto:enrique@enriquecatala.com" >📫 You can reach me here:  </a>
<div>
    <a href="https://github.com/sponsors/enriquecatala"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub_Sponsors--_.svg?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=EA4AAA" alt="GitHub Sponsors"></a>
    <a href="https://enriquecatala.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/website?down_color=red&down_message=down&label=enriquecatala.com&up_color=46C018&url=https%3A%2F%2Fenriquecatala.com&style=flat-square" alt="Data Engineering with Enrique Catalá"></a>
    <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/enriquecatala"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn--_.svg?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin" alt="LinkedIn Enrique Catalá Bañuls"></a>
    <a href="https://twitter.com/enriquecatala"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/enriquecatala?color=blue&label=twitter&style=flat-square" alt="Twitter @enriquecatala"></a>
    <a href="https://youtube.com/enriquecatala"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/enriquecatala/enriquecatala/master/img/youtube.png" alt="Canal de Enrique Catalá" height=20></a>
</div>

<a href="https://mvp.microsoft.com/es-es/PublicProfile/5000312?fullName=Enrique%20Catala"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/enriquecatala/enriquecatala/master/img/MVP_Logo_horizontal.png" alt="Microsoft DataPlatform MVP Enrique Catalá"></a>

<!--

<script src="https://apis.google.com/js/platform.js"></script> 
<div class="g-ytsubscribe" data-channelid="UCYboHnN6tvFfHqPWZWY82AQ" data-layout="default" data-count="default"></div>

**enriquecatala/enriquecatala** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...

- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

### My latest blog posts
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
- [AzureML from Docker Image](https://enriquecatala.com/2022/01/11/azureml-from-docker-image.html)
- [Speaker Codemotion 2021](https://enriquecatala.com/2021/12/21/codemotion-speaker-deeplearning-state-of-the-art.html)
- [IOB train_test_split](https://enriquecatala.com/2021/09/15/IOB_train_test_split.html)
- [RuntimeError: Already borrowed](https://enriquecatala.com/2021/09/15/RuntimeError-already-borrowed.html)
- [How to use a specific version of az cli](https://enriquecatala.com/2021/09/09/install-specific-version-az-cli.html)
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

### My latest youtube videos
<!-- YOUTUBE-POST-LIST:START -->
- [Parchear SQL Server en Kubernetes &lpar;2/2&rpar;](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_koA4vfBQEE)
- [Parchear SQL Server en Windows &lpar;1/2&rpar;](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cRduwHDBoNg)
- [Desplegar SQL Server personalizado en Kubernetes OnPremises](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZhoRuib2JLc)
- [Se acabó instalar SQL Server: mssql-server-samplesdb](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ULL5nntWn1A)
- [Crea tu propia imagen personalizada de sql server para docker](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9M6Ewpcfw9I)
<!-- YOUTUBE-POST-LIST:END -->
